Contributing to Skia
====================

Here are some ways you can get involved and help us improve Skia.

Report Bugs
-----------

Find bugs to fix or report new bugs in the Skia issue tracker.  You can also
search the Chromium issue tracker for bugs related to graphics or Skia.

Test
----

Write an application or tool that will exercise the Skia code differently than
our current set of tests and verify that Skia works as expected.  Draw
something interesting and profile it to find ways to speed up Skia's
implementation.  We cannot always fix issues or support every scenario, but we
welcome any bugs found so we can assess and prioritize them.  (If you find and
fix a bug, even better!)

Contribute Code
---------------

Whether you develop a new feature or a fix for an existing bug in the Skia code
base, you will need a committer to review and approve the change.  There are
some steps that can speed up the review process:  Keep your code submissions
small and targeted.  When possible, have a fellow contributor review your
change in advance of submission.  Propose new features to the project leads by
opening an enhancement or posting to skia-discuss ahead of development.  For
more information, see How to submit a patch.

For background on the project and an outline of the types of roles interested
parties can take on, see Project Roles.

Anyone contributing code to Skia must sign a Contributor License Agreement and
ensure they are listed in the AUTHORS file: Individual contributors can
complete the Individual Contributor License Agreement online.  If you are
contributing on behalf of a corporation, fill out the Corporate Contributor
License Agreement and send it in as described on that page.  If it is your
first time submitting code or you have not previously done so, add your (or
your organization's) name and contact info to the AUTHORS file as a part of
your CL.  REVIEWERS: Before you LGTM a change, verify that the contributor is
listed in the AUTHORS file.  If they are not, a Googler must ensure that the
individual or their corporation has signed the CLA by searching go/cla-signers.
Then have an entry added to the AUTHORS file with the CL.
